Semantic checks to lookout for:

Function Declarations & Function Definitions
--------------------------------------------
1) Two procedures with the same name are not allowed
2) A procedure should have same type of return value (int / float) except that a void return can exist along with either int or
   float return (i.e. a procedure may be declared to be an int/float but may not return a value)
3) Return type in the procedure prototype and the return value in the procedure definition should match.
4) Number, data types and names of formal parameters in procedure's prototype and its definition should match.
5) Formal parameter names and the procedure's name should be different
6) Formal parameters of the same procedure should have distinct names
7) Formal parameter names and local variable names in the same procedure should be distinct
8) Every function definition must contain a return statement at the end. Also, multiple return statements are allowed.
9) As before, local variable declaration are to be made at the beginning of the function definition and not in between.
10) Function call names and local variable names should be distince inside a function definition.
    (http://moodle.iitb.ac.in/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=56030)

Function calls
--------------
1) Actual and formal parameters data types should be same
2) Function calls cannot be used in combination with arithmetic expressions anywhere. (supporting this is a bonus)
3) Called procedure declaration and definition should both be present
4) Number of actual and formal parameters should match
5) Called procedure's definition and prototype should be present in the program
6) Arguments provided to a function call must be arithmetic expressions. In case result of another function call is to be used as an argument, store it in a temporary local variable
7) Function calls can be of two types:
   a(); // OR
   b = a();


Other features to be supported
------------------------------
1) Print statement to be supported. The syntax for print statement should be:
   print(variable); or print(arithmetic_expression); or print(constant); or print(string);
   Function calls are not allowed inside print.
2) Special care needs to be taken while implementing floating comparison operations since the MIPS floating comparison instructions are different than integer comparison instructions.


Revision
--------
1) Note that this time, the errors should match exactly for ASTs. A rough outline how error checking works:
   If there is a type mismatch in an arithmetic AST, it is assigned int data type.
   Relational ASTs and Boolean ASTs are of int data type.
   Function Call ASTs are of the return type data type.
2) As before, all the global variables need to be declared collectively either at the beginning or before function definitions.
